## The Wombulator 

The Wombulator is an electronic bass frequency synthesizer that is powered by two MSP430F5529 development boards communicating to each other via UART Serial Communication.  This synthesizer is unique due to its ability to filter out four specific harmonics, shaping the original sawtooth waveform.  The four filters take out the fundamental to the fourth harmonic of any note played. This is due to the filters changing and therefore ducking specific frequencies for each individual note pressed.

The Wombulator starts off with an old organ who's keys act as the keyboard for the synthesizer.  When a key is pressed, a switch is pressed down and allows 3.3V, from the MSP430F5529, to pass through the output of the switch and into a designated pin on the first MSP430F5529.  Each of the 25 switches are attached to a specific pin set to input mode.  When the 3.3V goes into a pin, depending on which pin it is, the note played is stored in a variable (contains a number 0-25, 0 if nothing is being played) and sent over UART to the next MSP430F5529.  

Once the second MSP430F5529 receives the number corresponding to the note played, the number is thrown into a switch statement which determines the frequency of the sawtooth wave and the MUX select bits that determince the resistor, capacitor and inductor values for the 4 filters.  The sawtooth wave is generated through 8 digital pins acting as a counter going from 00000000 to 11111111 incrementally.  The output from these pins is then put into the input of a Digital-to-Analog Converter (DAC) which generates the sawtooth waveform.  To control the frequency of the sawtooth wave, the increment time is changed using a clock in UP mode and specifically tuned CCR0 values are used for each of the 25 notes.  That CCR0 value as well as the filters used (controlled by 14 select bits coming from the second MSP430F5529) are changed in the switch statement   The select bits are the same for each notes on the four filter boards so the corresponding pins for each board are connected using a PCB.  To control how much of each harmonic you would like to duck, twist the potentiometer to your desired amount.  The output from the fourth board is then attached to a bass amplifier (able to amplify low frequency sound) and The Wombulator is completely configured.  Play the keyboard and hear The Wombulator perform.
